README.md, before:

# DnD Instant Initiative

## What is it?
Instant Initiative is an initiative tracker for DnD 5e created as a side project.

## Why should I use it?
I created this for me and my friends to use. I wanted a little more flexibility than the basic tools available but I was not interested in the super complex tools that integrate all the DnD SRD and monster data. If you are looking for a tool in-between - this is for you!

## Features (TL;DR)
+ Track multiple actors by initiative
+ Randomize initiative rolls (d20 supported);
+ View total elapsed turns and the current actor's turn
+ Support for all basic character attributes
+ Notes area
+ "Quick Create" random enemies with the press of a button

## Possible updates
+ Create actor with CSV input
+ Save current page data
+ Other things I have thought about but since forgotten

## Deets
This tool is coded mainly in JavaScript (it's probably inefficient this was a fun project), with HTML and CSS.

## Known Issues
I think there's a small bug in the position tracking in certain instances. It has not been tested thoroughly yet.

## Suggestions?
Reach out to me at twongersdev@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added Import/Export Functionality
Import/Export Created
Updated to ReadMe
QOL Changes

README.md, after:

# DnD Instant Initiative

## What is it?
Instant Initiative is an initiative tracker for DnD 5e created as a side project.

## Why should I use it?
I created this for me and my friends to use. I wanted a little more flexibility than the basic tools available but I was not interested in the super complex tools that integrate all the DnD SRD and monster data. If you are looking for a tool in-between - this is for you!

## Features (TL;DR)
+ Track multiple actors by initiative
+ Randomize initiative rolls (d20 supported);
+ View total elapsed turns and the current actor's turn
+ Support for all basic character attributes
+ Notes area
+ "Quick Create" random enemies with full stats (3 difficulty tiers)
+ Export page data into a code you can paste back in to import at any time

## Possible updates
+ Create actor with CSV input
+ ~Save current page data~ Completed!
+ Other things I have thought about but since forgotten

## Deets
This tool is coded mainly in JavaScript (it's probably inefficient as this was a fun project), with HTML and CSS.

## Known Issues
~I think there's a small bug in the position tracking in certain instances.~ This should be fixed

## Suggestions?
Reach out to me at twongersdev@gmail.com or post here on GitHub
